hoovaq
#HOOOOOVAQ
kanye west
kendrick lamar
i'm white for you racists
How much u wanna bet I'm white. You lil fuck boy. I never said nothing about being an active gang banger or 'hood type fella'. I grew up in a ghetto of London, 2/3rds of my family have been locked up. I've been visiting niggas in jail since I was 12 years old mothertfucker.
After I'm done fucking your mom, how about you come over and tell me how I'm such a stan?
Your response is ignorant, uninformed and just downright stupid. Like you. If anything YOU are the one manipulating the voting system by not including something your community wanted. And upvoted. Your logic is so flawed and unbelievably dumb. Since he isn't on the level of drake, his fans who want him to succeed can't upvote him? This is just dumb. Fuck /r/hiphopheads, I am unsubscribing. Fuck you, /u/zigzagzig, you are the definition of a piece of shit.
/u/zigzagzig doesn't have a leg to stand on. You got banned because a lot of the hip hop community is overly sensitive about a white guy rapper satirizing their community while simultaneously creating quality content. You're dangerous to them and they're scared.
I'm a music conservatory graduate. I spent years analyzing music for grades, so when I come across something that's garbage, I know. Rap music has the melodic complexity of a train horn (actually less; train horns often are tuned to a tritone, which seem to be absent in Rap) and the lyrical complexity barely goes beyond a 3rd grade vocabulary.
and yeah, I fucking love drake. Drake beats out most rappers for me. I'm also a much bigger fan of newer hiphop than old though. All 5 of my top 5 favourite albums came out post-2010. Take Care sits comfortably at #5 on that list.
lol.. for real though. hes the wackest fucking thing ive ever heard. his delivery is shit, he has no lyrical prowess... hes using a vocoder STILL which in my book immediatly makes anything gangster you say straight up laughable.
Rap music is the lowest of the low, for primitives only. No White person should ever be in the presence of such garbage.
I personally distinguish between rap and hip-hop. Rap is just any music that has rapping in it, whereas hip-hop music stays true to hip-hop culture.
I must be the only one here who thinks these guys are absolute trash gimmicks with no talent whatsoever. I didn't make it through the entire album because they're so god damn awful. They say the most middle school shit I have ever heard. Their lyrics are on par with just about some of the worst, I want to say, in rap history. I see no appeal, whatsoever, in their music. To me, SOLELY sounding catchy doesn't cut it. These guys are just a big flop for me. I sincerely tried to listen to them. 0.5/10
Whatever. I do think there's a fun irony of "Lil Dicky isn't allowed here anymore because he told people to upvote him when he was first coming up, which is against the rules and unacceptable behavior. Now, let's listen to another Biggie song about how he used to hustle and sell crack when he was first coming up."
Emojis are part of modern day hip hop culture and taking away ANY type of emoji is ignorant.
why are you being racist towards me?? just because i'm white doesnt mean i'm wrong god i fucking hate racist pricks like you that just think thye are right because they are nonwhite fucking pricks
Im being dead honest, but i don't think i could live in a world where childish gambino is not making music. I worship him. He is my savior. No other musical artist inspires me or gives me the energy or joy that he does when i listen to his music. I've devoted so much of my life to respecting childish gambino, that i don't know what i would do if he stopped making new music.
the n word is black culture, and IMO saying the n word isn't offensive to the black culture but ACCEPTING that black culture.
more and more people are acting blacker. Black people aren't treated as they were 300 years ago and I don't see ANYONE getting anything from being offended by a word being used incorectly. White guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like "Ratchet" or "Twerk".
I don't undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like "me chinese me play joke" even though that seems more previlant.
Kanye West is the greatest musician of all time. No other artist, hip hop or otherwise, has compiled a discography even worthy of comparison to the vast and magnificent catalogue Mr. West has graced us with. Downvote away.
only reason I suck my own dick is because other people do it for me. but if I acknowledge other people do it all the time, that makes me a bad person?
Most parties I go to have black people at them and they don't seem concerned over the use of the word nigga.
Why are you bitching about me saying just say the fucking word nigga when the thread in question is about making a synonym to not say the word nigga.. wtf? why arent YOU in /r/hiphopheads[1] .. be a man and stop being a pc faggot
It is almost like some care and some don't. You are fucking listening to rap music that says the word nigga in every song. Do you just sit there like a mute? No one is saying go around and call people niggers, but ffs it isn't a fucking civil rights issue to sing the word nigga in a rap song.
You can just say nigga. This sub embraces hip hop culture (unlike those bitches at /r/soccer)
I just don't like Iggy really much, because to me theres not much more than her body, but alright, I respect that.
edit: holy shit guys, don't take everything so serious xD Iggy is whack as fuck but I would definitely take a bite of her booty tho
Just look at her ass, why the fuck do people try to finger her at live shows? Because she sings about shit like this .. I'm sorry, she RAPS about it..And why? Because IT SELLS WELL. that bish doesn't have to be surprised if fans try to finger her honestly.
Don't try to belittle my intelligence because you don't agree with me, maybe if you thought about it and stopped being a passenger on the hate train you could take a look at the bigger picture and see my point of view. That being said I'm not a fan of Macklemore and I'm only defending the practice of Cosplay in the rap game.
don't forget about ryan lewis!
You all are the actual fags. I am 12 years old and i have 11.5 inches biceps. You fags prefer that useless retarded eminem who swears for no reason and has never done any good to the world.
Wouldn't matter if it were asshole or vagina-first. If she's looking for a real pussy eater, I could be it. I don't give a fuck if it's shaved or it's nappy.
HHCJ used to be funny but at a certain point it just became a vehicle for bullying and I don't think that's cool at all, and any time you try to call them out on it they just ban you. They're entitled to have their own little sub or whatever, but honestly I wouldn't affiliate with them anymore and I'd take them off the HHH sidebar.
HHCJ is for people who care too much. That meta bullshit is fucking stupid.
Are you serious? Shun is the most petty dude I've ever encountered. He once banned me from hhcj for linking an hhcj post to one of his comments. Also every time someone brings up bullying on hiphopcirclejerk, he's always the one to say that it's alright and harmless.
lol it's barely a stretch to say shun wouldn't do this. he's an incredibly petty dude. he banned me from hhcj because someone replied to my comment saying it was weird seeing me outside of hhh, and then a few days ago he said that i got "lit in the mod mail" over being banned, even though i really didn't.
Faces is a fantastic mixtape. One of the best I've hear, and I think Mac is extremely talented. But I get a vibe from it... it's really hard to explain. He's fucking genius, and unfortunately I think probably too smart for his own good.
I know this reply will get buried but I personally don't like hardcore rap. Anything that revolves around pimps, shooting people for no or little reason, or anything like that just doesn't fit my bill.
what does this have to do with kanye?
Upvote this if you want to be black
HopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsinHopsin
hes very well spoken.
cut this nathan's cable
SO that's what it is? You're all mad a white guy tore apart the game?
It seems some people can't handle it when white guys make "black" music better than black people.
When I was able to understand Chief Keef I felt like I just saw the scene in Planet of the Apes where Caeser talks
Lil dicky is the voice of our generation. Teaching the youths to save money and be responsible. Truly an idol we can all look up to.
I am floored that this actually slaps
protect /u/shun-16 at all costs
Was that black guy speaking English?
thank god nigga rhymes with nigga
down with whitey
https://i.imgur.com/h0L9J8i.jpg
Absolutely bangs in the car. Love Macklemore, and when he dropped this live at Sasquatch, agh, so good.
List of rap you should hear today- Hopsin, Outcast, Gambino, Chance the Rapper, Tupac, Schoolboy Q, Future, Kendrick, Dr. Dre, Gorillaz, De La Soul, The Game, Rakim, Nas
fucking white people
The attitudes, the monotonous tone, the superficial themes (money, cars, hos). A lot of rap is done very poorly and with little taste and comes off as juvenile.
